From Hollywood, California, it is my pleasure and duty to announce that Harmontown is once
again in session.
Spencer Crittenden did to the stage.
How's it going, buddy?
I'm bad.
Alright, well let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown.
Shall we, Mr. Dan Harmon?
Hello.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
So you came here from LAX.
I came here from LAX.
But where were you?
I was in Las Vegas.
What was going down on Las Vegas?
Chris McKenna's birthday.
I'm an awful, awful gambler, which is good because that means I never will develop a
problem.
I'm so bad at it that it's never fun.
I just do that thing that, oh, I've lost three times in a row, so I'll bet six times
as much, and then I'll break even, and I just keep doing that until $1,000 goes, which
is five minutes later, and then I go get another $1,000, and then the ATM says, you
can't do that, and I go, okay, I'm done gambling.
What's your game?
I like Blackjack the most.
If I can control myself, as you know, you can sit there like, Blackjack, what you should
do is just fucking follow the rules, and then you're just drinking for free, sitting at
a table with some friends for maybe possibly hours and hours, and you're up, and you're
down, and you're up, and you're down, and if you say in your head, okay, I'm going
to lose $500, maybe, let's say.
But the thing is, this was the Cosmopolitan hotel.
It was like $25 minimum tables, and it's just like, that's $25, that's a half of a video
game.
I've heard from people there that that's not a great place to gamble.
Nobody has ever had a good story of gambling and winning and having fun there.
You have?
Yeah.
You enjoy the Cosmopolitan?
I went and got $25 on the free card, and I spent it, and I won $100.
Damn.
All right.
Well, not to be outdone, I also won $25, because I got a triple Bazinga on the Big Bang
three-machine trip.
Three Bazingas should be more than $25.
I don't even watch that show, and I know a Bazinga is important.
You got three Bazingas, and all you got was $25?
Yeah.
What was your coin?
Well, I guess the guys that write, the slot machine, get home by $5, too.
Now, still better.
Why were you playing this?
You were playing it ironically, I assume?
Well, yeah, I guess I thought it would be hilarious if I hit a huge jackpot on the Big
Bang three-machine, but I also thought it would be funny if I lost $1,000.
In either case, I knew I was going to tweet Bill Prady, my friend who runs, I think is
still running it, and I don't know.
It's fun to have friends that are so successful that you can openly hate them.
They're just going, hey, Big Bang three, suck my dick.
You guys suck.
They're like, we don't care, we're snorting diamonds.
You can say whatever you want.
There is a place, I was in Death Valley over Thanksgiving.
There is a gas station slash mini-mart, actually quite a sizable establishment, and it is
called Eddie World, and the logo is a photograph of a child that I am told is the deceased
child of the owners, after which they named the mini-mart, and it's really weird.
And that's it.
I spent a lot of time.
It is called Death Valley.
I spent a lot of time, I don't know, I was really high and Cody was laughing, so I started
recording it because I didn't want to, because I knew if I tried to do it here, she'd be
like, why are you doing jokes about a dead kid?
Because they're hilarious.
But I did like, I'll just, I'll see if, let's see, because I started, I was coming up with
jingles kind of trying, oh wait, there's a world where you don't have a sandwich in a
room, where we don't have everything, because we lost the most important thing in our lives.
Eddie World, do you need milk or glasses?
Eddie World, our son can't come back, Eddie World, just come and get some candy, Eddie
World, our whole will never be quite filled, but you take candy.
I think there's something, it goes on for seven more minutes, and now you're applauding
a child's death, but everybody out there voted for Trump, so I'm sure Eddie did too, or he
would've, he would've.
Man, speaking of child death, I was driving through a cemetery and the cemetery had all
these weird street names that were all kind of noble and gravity, like heavy, it was like
noble spraying and golden dawn and stuff, and I found myself on a street that was called
Babyland, and that's a terrifying realization to have when you're really high in a cemetery
driving around, and right at the head of Babyland was this giant statue of a baby that was kind
of like, yeah, it was clearly, it was like, nope, there's definitely babies buried on
this property, and then I left, it was great.
Babyland, I think a lot of cemeteries have a Babyland too, I don't think that's unique.
Babyland's a terrible name though, like.
On the lighter side of child development, my, I guess you'd call him my pseudo nephew
because I'm dating his aunt, Ryland, who maybe, if you follow my Instagram, maybe you've
seen him, the president of Train Town Kid, he's four years old, and he was learning
to drive on his grandpa's lap, like in Death Valley, like his grandpa was just steering
with the hands on the bottom, but he was like thinking he was driving, and asked him, asked
him after he finished, after he finally got tired of driving, which was an exhilarating
experience for him, he said, Ryland, how do you feel, and he said, I feel like I'm five
years old.
It's just pretty amazing, because he wasn't being glib or ironic, he really, he didn't
know how funny that was, he really was like, that's how to express, he's like, in his
four-year-old mind, like being five is going to have more energy to it.
I guess he's right, I guess it's not until you turn like 13 that you start dying, right?
As soon as you can reach the faucet, like it's all downhill, yeah, well it's the reproductive
hormones probably hit your bloodstream, and then they start killing your body, right?
Because it's like, we're like mosquitoes, like nature's saying, okay, time to make more
of you, or what good are you, and also if you can do that, bye, yeah, well, nobody's
getting out alive, I don't know why you're so quiet.
Did you enjoy your Death Valley experience?
It looked like you had a lot of fun.
When you laughed at Eddie's death, you had to have a chuckle at your own, wouldn't be
a bad idea, karmically, I think, yeah, speaking of death, I mean, like I said, everybody out
there voted for Trump, and like, it's funny because as a liberal, you're out there, like,
when I got to Death Valley, I was like, oh god, this is where I need to come now that
Trump got elected, but the place is filled with a bunch of people that are like, oh,
this is where I need to be now that Obama got elected, like, they're just walking around
with guns on their hips, and like, they've created their own little world, and like,
everybody's from somewhere else, nobody, nothing is born in Death Valley, and they tried with
Eddie, and he just like, yeah, the warning is in the name of the town, you don't do it.
Did you know it's the hottest place on earth?
You would think it's somewhere in Africa, or the Middle East, or something like, or
the equator, like, it's the hottest goddamn place on earth, recorded anyway, 135 degrees,
and every, the hottest day of the year, people gather and watch the temperature needle, passing
out from heat stroke, and they all wait to celebrate the, if it gets up to 136, or whatever
it is.
Did you get that hot in Saudi Arabia, or like?
Yeah, I would have thought, I would have thought, but apparently, they used to think not as,
that yes, that is the case, but then there was some kind of thermometer recalibration,
or something, like they were using bad thermo, they were using Chinese steel in their thermometers,
over in Saudi Arabia.
Chinese steel is the cologne I'm wearing right now.
Eddie World, we've got everything, but Eddie!
Eddie World, if we haven't got it, it's our son!
Eddie World, our prices aren't just low, they're misdirected grief!
Do you know, are these all written down?
What?
Are you riffing these?
Are these all written down?
I saw, I saw, I opened my notepad, I saw a couple of them.
I'm terribly sorry, if I'm by, for some reason, there's somebody listening that is connected
somehow to Eddie, and you're being traumatized by this, I'm operating under the assumption
that that's not the case, and therefore, you know, where you are as a figure in a textbook
to us, like Abraham Lincoln, whose assassination is no longer tragic, it's hilarious, he got
shot in the head, brains flew everywhere, Kennedy slightly less so, and you know, time
goes on.
Eddie, from his picture, looked like, it probably happened a while ago, and it could be an urban
legend.
But when you look at it, you go, I bet that's, you kind of, it could be like, unconfirmable.
Anyways.
Can't you ask the owners?
Who's gonna do that?
I mean, like, I'm not gonna do that, plus the place is so big, like, the owners aren't
even there, I mean, it was like, they had a lot of candy.
I bought a lot of candy.
We love candy.
Since we're there, like, scraping the bottom of taste, like, there was this fire in Oakland,
this terrible tragedy, this warehouse thing, and did anybody see the video, I mean, some
people out here might be connected to people, I know Cody had a friend who lost two friends
in that fire.
There was a video of a guy who was describing, like, trying to drag his friend out, who had
broken his ankle, and he was trying to drag his friend out of this inferno, and he's explaining
to the news cameras, you know, I thought, I was like, oh my god, this guy's so brave
and vulnerable, like, you know, who would, I mean, because he's describing the experience
of trying to save his friend, and then it gets so hot, and his lungs are filling with
smoke, and he had no choice but to just let go, and just walk away, like, run away, get
out of there, and he couldn't drag his friend out, had to leave him there, but the guy's
describing it, and he describes it, and then he goes, like, you know, obviously that's
making him, like, tear up, and like, like, he's still out there, and then he, but then
he says, and then I went out, and then I watched it all, all burn, all my stuff, all my, all
my, all my, and he just started talking about all the things that he had in there, anyways.
I just thought it was such a weird build, like, it was, like, the story about the friend,
and then he was just like, he's like, my pants are in there.
I know nothing about this, I've been in Mexico for almost a week, I haven't watched any news
at all, so.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, how are you feeling, we should, we should, we might want to take up
this regiment, like, like, are you feeling great, I feel great, man, Mexico City is
the most goddamn fun city, if you haven't been there, really go down to Mexico City
and chill out, the people are cool, they're laid back, the food is fucking screaming,
they love music, the architecture is wild, there's, there's dogs everywhere, there's
dogs everywhere, and, and the thing is, I never once heard a dog bark, no, I heard one
dog bark when we were in like, oh, well yeah, but you know they were barking in Spanish,
so you probably didn't recognize it, don't, don't, don't they, you know, in, in French
class, like, we always had, you had to learn how all the animals, like, vow, vow, yeah,
vow, vow, yeah, but the dogs, there's a park, park in Mexico, like, there's a big park in
the, like, in the Condesa area, and there's a million dogs, dog walkers have, like, 40
dogs on one leader, like, it's amazing, and all the dogs are just chilled out, having
a good time, no one's, they're not jumping and barking and biting and scratching, they're
just, just the happiest, most well-socialized dogs in the world, it's really great, and
then there's one place called, uh, Sochi, chocolate milk, so, so, so, so, so, so, sochimil,
I don't know what the fuck, uh, there's canals, there's fucking wild, and there's an island
of the dolls, people just took baby dolls and nailed them to trees, and it's the fucking
creepiest ass shit, so there's just, there's just a whole island of dolls nailed to things,
and there's just feral chihuahuas running around everywhere, it's fucking grand.
Is it possible that Mexico has affected your reactions to things, like, you're, you're
describing things that should make you upset, yeah, it was, but you're on a boat, you're
on these big colorful barges and these canals, and, and then there's food, it's like, rows
up next to you, and there's just a guy selling tamales, there's a woman selling fruit, and
there's enchiladas, and then there's a bunch of bands, there's like, there's like a thousand
bands out there, so we hired a mariachi band that came on board our boat, and we're all
just singing along, and it was the god, it was the fucking greatest day of my life.
Alright, well, what's your favorite TV show right now, what are you watching the most?
Uh, probably Westworld.
Alright.
Woohoo!
Well, the, the finale's tonight, but I, I'm, I'm back, I, I'm, I don't think I've seen
two episodes back, so no spoilers.
Yeah, well, okay, no spoilers.
Don't say your, your groans are spoilers.
Everybody promise, we'll, we'll just not talk about Westworld at all tonight, uh, please
welcome our first guest, Tolemy,
Slocum.
Slocum from Westworld.
Sylvester the tech guy from Westworld.
He's the nerd that you tried to kill, but you can't kill a nerd like Sylvester.
That's so easy.
Hi everybody.
Probably, uh, uh, second to the British writer character, the least liked character.
So far, so I've noticed.
I do, I do feel like I'm, I am slightly more, uh, palpable than he, I probably, I shouldn't
start with that.
Um, yeah, at least to my wife, uh, my wife likes me slightly better than him.
Well, how did you, uh, everybody, everybody's, I mean, this is probably the, this is the
show that everybody's watching, at least in LA, like, uh, and so you're, like, this
is brand new, like we had a, we had, we had Grey Worm from Game of Thrones on it, I, I,
I, and, and I was on a yacht with Game of Thrones people and all I can think to ask them
is what does it feel like to be playing this thing?
But the answer is never satisfying, but why don't you take a shot at it?
All right.
That's a great lead in, um, yeah, it is interesting, um, about six weeks ago, I was standing back
where those guys are.
I see you by the bathroom cause I had to walk past you.
Um, and so this is like, you know, six weeks later, my life is about, uh, like what, 30
yards different, you know?
But it's a big 30 yards and it feels, you mean, you, you, you, by, you were standing
back there, you mean you were just some regular Joe watching the show?
Yeah.
And now you're up here with like, in the limelight, right?
Yes.
But also you're on Westworld, which is more important.
Yeah.
Like, like, you're, you're measuring, uh, the, uh, what it's like to go from not being
on Westworld to being on Westworld by, by you're using the yardstick you're using as
my shitty show.
I feel like that's what, I thought that was your setup, um, for like, what is, how is
life different for, for you in terms of like being on the show?
But, uh, if you want to talk about the experience of shooting that show, it was fascinating.
Well, I want to tell you, that was like two years of fascinating because it took two years
to shoot one season.
Right.
There's a question right there.
So, so, so we have to go back all the way two years ago to what I think what, what a
lot of us would like to hear is like you going from being a guy who has not been cast on
Westworld to like, like, like what's the, cause there's got to be some little breathtaking
banana peel stoplight.
If this had happened differently story about you getting the role, right?
I mean, yeah, you're looking at, you're looking at that moment, the fact that I'm even here
at all because we just as actors attempt to do that constantly.
So this was very normal audition, one audition, no callback, walked into the room.
I don't think they had even done an audition for this guy, Sylvester.
No one understood the script.
It was weird comments about like MSRA and like this abdomen, like what the fuck are they
talking about?
They didn't even know how to run the audition.
I was in there was like, I think when I was reading it, it was like, maybe this guy's
like has his hands inside someone.
And so I don't even think they had ever done one of those, never did a callback, didn't
know that much about the show.
And I was just trying to get a job.
And what was your relationship with the property where you, were you a fan of the movie?
I knew the movie.
I have, I still haven't seen the second.
I really want to see the sequel.
Future world.
Yeah.
Any thoughts?
Future world is even more seventies than Westworld.
Yeah.
Like the seventies had third act problems.
Yes.
Until, until JAWS at which point, all movies stopped having third act problems, but began
to have the unified third act problem of all ripping off JAWS for, you know, it's like,
like we all learned how to end a movie.
Right.
But then it was like a shackle, like that was, because it was successful, it's almost everything
has to repeat that.
Yeah.
Now there's such a thing.
It's almost as bad as when that law wasn't there.
Every movie, after JAWS, every movie ends with a blown up shark.
Yes.
Yeah.
I mean, essentially.
I mean, or a safe cat.
Like the shark industry in Hollywood and those people have JAWS.
Because before that, the seventies was like, like, like, you know, you were watching a
movie and it was like, oh, Gene Hackman might just run off screen and there's a gunshot
and a cat meows.
And you're like, what the fuck just happened?
Yeah.
They didn't have any rules like that.
And then Westworld is a great example.
I love the setup of Westworld.
It starts at that airport, if you remember, and they, they, it's a really cool setup,
very elegant, very efficient.
And then starting in, like, basically the third act, they didn't, they didn't attempt
anything.
They didn't have any plan.
Right.
It was just, this guy starts running.
He never stops.
Okay.
And it's just one long chase scene.
It's like, what happened?
Yeah.
But it's, that, they could do that.
And I actually kind of prefer it.
I mean, I guess because it's like, like, what, yeah, how should, because the thing that,
that, that you have to gain from a, from an era where nobody really knows how to end
a movie is that every once in a while, I mean, you, you're sitting there.
You, you're on the edge of your seat, like, because you don't know, you're in the hands
of a lunatic.
Right.
You're like, I don't know, like, like, like, he could just like, like, like, easy rider
just ends with fucking, just like, get your motor running, hey.
And then it just like credits.
Yeah.
Even at the cemetery scene in, in Easy Rider, like, should I have gone on this ride with
them?
Yeah.
Are you, are you, yeah.
Did you break the movie?
Yeah.
I think that that is waiting for you at the end of this film is pretty exciting.
And that's kind of wrong.
Because that makes you care about the characters, because if you were in real life, we're running
from Yule Brenner, who was programmed to kill you, or rather programmed to not kill you
and had decided to not be programmed that way anymore.
Right.
Like, if you were having that experience, you should feel unlike the way you feel when
you're watching Jaws.
You should feel like, what the fuck is happening?
Yeah.
How do I get out of this?
Can I just play dead?
The other thing about the 70s movies is like, I watched, I watched the Westworld movie in
preparation for the series, and then I also watched Logan's Run.
And it's like, it's amazing how, it's amazing how flimsy the, the evil is, like, how easy
it is to take down.
And Logan's Run, he comes back from the lack of sanctuary.
The computer that runs all of dystopian life asks him, where's sanctuary?
He says there isn't one.
It says bullshit.
I'm going to read your mind.
And his mind says there's no sanctuary.
And the computer explodes, and with it, and the shopping mall they live in starts falling
apart, and all of the people in pantyhose have to run out, and they see an old man
and touch his beard, and it's over.
Because it's like, it was that easy back then to, to, to foil a, an oligarchic technocratic
hydra.
Yeah.
So, so going back to this show.
No, um, because I did realize I might have, uh, so you did this audition, which it sounds
like it was in a casting director's office.
Yeah.
Uh, and you, you booked it off of one read?
That was it?
One read?
No, call back.
No idea about anything.
Hired.
Fucking death.
Just hired.
That's the best.
Clearly, and I'm used to this, not, not going to go anywhere or be anything.
That was just my mentality.
And it was like, it was basically like four lines in a pilot.
And I did know that people were in it, but I didn't, I didn't, I just didn't know what
to expect.
I'm so cool though.
How much of your day when you're on the set for you is spent, uh, looking at naked actors
in a chair?
Yeah.
They're, they're, they're everywhere.
Like all, cause they are all not just the chairs, everyone laying down unless they have their
legs cut off is a real person.
Really?
So they're all like fully naked with, with scars.
It is a real fascinating emotional cocktail to see an attractive naked person that is
gashed open because you're like, want to help them and also aroused by it.
It's like very, it's difficult.
This segment brought to you by Eddie world.
Eddie world where the customer probably has a child.
Eddie world my glasses on and it's real offensive to me how hard it is to tell a male from a
female laying down like 10 feet away.
If your glasses are not on, I was, I was offended by once they like sat, I was like, no.
I think we're offended by your adherence to a binary, uh, heteronormative.
Okay.
Don't want to cash in on that one.
All right.
Um, the, uh, the, uh, God damn it.
The shit.
Oh, oh, okay.
Come on.
Tell the truth.
Uh, some of that, some of that shits from Game of Thrones sets like, like, like, like,
I don't know.
There was like sets in there where I'm like, come on, that's, Cody was really the one
that pointed out.
She's like, come on.
That's a Game of Thrones set.
Like, they're taking like curtains and stuff.
And then the heads and the, on the wall, like, like, like, there is a, there's no, it doesn't
look like that.
No.
But HBO wouldn't have those laying around.
That's not how it works.
No, that's all in England.
I think those sets are.
This is all up in, um, about 30 minutes north of here, kind of parallel to where, um, Six
Flags is, but they did, they, they do have old, um, like tanks laying around from other
productions and some, um, like original Mad Maxi kind of little cars that were like welded
on a, on one of those like motorcycles, like old stuff.
So there is stuff laying around, but all that, I don't think they duplicated anything.
So do you have viewing parties?
No.
Are you married or are you in a relationship?
I'm married.
Yeah.
To a, to, to, uh, what gender person?
To a wife.
Yeah.
Uh, I'm married to a wife.
A lady wife?
A lady wife.
It is.
Uh, from 10 feet away.
You don't know.
Um, yeah.
Do you know?
Did you know?
I know.
I know who she is.
I saw your wife laying on a, on a, on a metal slab and I thought, I really couldn't tell
if she was a dude or not.
Is she, uh, what is she?
Is she, is she.
I'm not going to react to that.
I'm just going to.
I didn't.
I didn't pass me by like I'm still talking about it.
It's not the world's best kept secret that your wife likes to lay naked on slab.
That you followed it up with a second one.
I tried not to react to the first one.
She's known as slab later.
Oh, son of a bitch.
There are people like, sometimes I see, I think, I go, I think that's a real doll or
something.
Like in the background.
Yeah.
They never, they never use like fake.
Like they did.
If they're like bodies were cut up, but they were like real or if they're just like sitting
in a chair.
They're real people.
Really?
For the most part.
How are they holding that still?
Uh, well, two things.
Um, one of them was my, uh, a dude I grew up with in Lodi, California, this small town.
We grew up like three houses down from each other and our families were like, like sister
families.
You know, like once a week you have dinner with them.
Uh-huh.
This dude named Craig comes in at night and touches everyone's muscles with a special
acid.
Uh-huh.
They, they put the shots under a pillow.
Um, he was working on the show, which is crazy because we grew up like next to each
other.
He was one of the naked like, no, he does, uh, he does post, but what he does is to, he'll
take a frame and, and if, if it is like still, but you know, there is somebody that's going
through and like stealing images because people can't be that stiff.
Right.
Oh, so easily just like split screen.
They like doing a little chunk.
It's not split screen.
It'll be like a frame.
So if, if something, if there is like, there, there, you know, that's how often how we would
get it to look like Chevy Chase knew all his lines.
Yeah.
Like we would do, we would do liquid more for like, like, like, like, you see those two
shots of him next to Donald Glover.
It's like, like, see if there's a clock in the background of Chevy besides cause that
fucking thing's going to go freak out for some extra, the background is hot, hot dog
keeps changing sizes.
The candles are all different.
We wish him the best, he's in recovery right now.
Can we go back, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, slow, and first of all, this is
a fantastic name.
Yeah.
I said, is it Tolome and you said that's the correct pronunciation, but it's not the
American pronunciation.
Yeah.
There's more English would be Tolome.
Greek would be Tolome.
They actually pronounce the P. Tolome.
Put the pit in there.
Yeah.
You said you were born in Kenya.
This is born in Kenya.
So I was born on the eclipse of the moon, which is the story I was told, but then I
went to an astrologer and I was born like two days after the eclipse of the moon.
Who notices when the moon is eclipsed?
Well, my parents.
What eclipse is it?
The sun?
No, the earth eclipses anything, right?
I don't know.
The moon can eclipse the sun, the earth can eclipse both.
The reason why you don't see the moon all the time is cause of the shadow of the earth.
What kind of show is this?
You're blowing my mind.
Yeah.
So, yeah, it was a full eclipse of the moon, which aren't that rare.
And then Tolome was a Greek astronomer, Claudius Tolomeus was a Greek astronomer lived in
Egypt, Alexander, when the Greek Empire owned Egypt, and he proved that was the family of
the Cleopatra decision.
No.
The different guys, similar era.
Okay.
Were your parents, why so weird?
Why were they in Kenya and why did they name you that?
This with them.
This, by the way, I'm a bad interviewer.
Well, you haven't attacked my wife, and I've gotten over it, I'm not thinking about it
anymore.
I don't think I attacked just somebody else.
You attacked, you called her a slab woman, pretty sure you called her a slab woman.
I said people called her a slab lady, I had never said that at all.
I simply am a journalist, sir.
Well, and for my part, I've gotten over it.
Yeah, it's an interesting story, and I don't know how far to go into it, but it's dark.
Really?
Yeah.
Your parents having you as the story starts?
That story is much darker than I knew, and I found out about it recently.
Really?
Yeah.
So how much time do you want to commit to this thing?
Well, we've got other people to meet.
Okay.
I'll try to do the fast version.
The story that I was told was that he worked for an American guy, I should not be telling
the story.
This is not going well already.
So the story I was told as a child growing up was that he was building a fertilizer plant
for the Kenyan government.
There was an American company building fertilizer plant for the Kenyan government, and it didn't
go well, and so we got extradited out of the country, and the Kenyan government is horrible,
and they threatened our lives a couple of times, and eventually we escaped and got out.
Went to Cincinnati, which was my parents' relationship fell apart, because it was so
stressful to get out of Kenya.
Oh, it's one of those couples that's going to blame the Kenyan government for hating
them?
Yes.
I'm not working it out.
So I have to tell this difficult story, but also you're going to attack me along the way.
All right.
Okay.
I didn't know.
If we do attack anything, we'll just put a wound in its head and strip it naked so that
you can derive sexual pleasure from it.
That is literally my nightmare is like, I hope I end up naked on this show, because I've
earned it.
That was my Westworld theory, by the way, was that the show was taking place in the
year, sorry to cut you off, the show's taking place in the year 7,000, and all of the robot,
there are no humans left.
Yeah, I heard that.
All of the robots go to Westworld as a mecca, where they can experience a budistic reincarnation
process where you can rise up through the Rosencrantzes and the Guildensterns, to the
Maves, to the Anthony Hopkins, and then cycle back through, because they've lost all contact
with their human roots, and they go there to just sort of revive themselves spiritually.
It's like they're wailing wall.
Yeah.
Anyways.
Basically, on that theory, someone like Maeve is actually attending the park.
You would eventually see that Maeve was also like a, yeah, that she'd be in that photo
with Anthony Hopkins when they're starting Westworld, or something, that she'd be in
the background with a lab coat on, or something, and that you'd be like a bartender, and that
you'd go, oh, that's pointless.
What is the deal with the English guy, with the British overacting, like, screaming guy?
I didn't meet him.
Wait, wait, wait.
What do you mean?
Was he in a different show?
Does he know that he's not, and that he's also in the same show as everybody else?
I'm pretty sure.
I mean, I didn't know he was even on, like, I only read my scenes.
I know nothing about it.
They probably shot you out in an hour, like, all of your scenes are in one room in UTA's
basement.
Yeah.
Okay, it's like, it's just...
No, no, it took the full two years.
Yeah.
So, technically, like...
I mean, do impugn your craft.
No, no, logistically, I give you credit.
Logistically, I couldn't open it up in that way.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm thinking about all the time that I wasted, because had you, between being shooting
the show, it would have known much more efficiently.
Now, did you ever...
I've known for my efficiency.
Did you ever have to interact?
Because I think the most fascinating part of that show is when they're just walking
that bison around in that glass road.
That's the funniest thing that you've got.
Just showing the bison how to walk around.
They've mastered post-singularity, nanotechnological, like, like, life creation, but yeah, you've
got to...
It's well-known you've got to prime that bison, like, you've got to...
But the coolest thing, though, is that when Maeve was walking through.
No spoilers here, if you're listening.
I don't think.
But walking through, and then there's, like, in those rooms, like, the poker game guys,
and then they all draw guns, and then the technician goes, like, all right, back to one,
or whatever, and they all pick up their cards.
I thought that shit was...
It's a cool show.
We like it.
I do wish there was a slower version of that show.
Here's my thing.
I would watch ten episodes where there is no plot, and just show us, like, some dude getting
off a train and, like, getting on a horse and riding in one direction and just see what happens.
It's called Love Boat Meets Downton Abbey Meets Deadwood.
It's just, like, there's guest stars, and you don't have to do the serialized, like,
oh, shit, this whole park's going crazy.
It is Love Boat.
That's right.
Wait, wait, wait.
Or it's Fantasy Heaven.
They could just do that.
I think before the show came out, they thought that's what it was going to be.
Like, people were like, oh, so each episode, someone new comes.
Oh, Tattoo.
Here comes Bill Gates.
He's a philanthropist.
His fantasy is to be a gunslinger.
Boss!
Boss, isn't that everybody?
Yes, Tattoo, but Bill Gates wants to sling guns in a way that breaks his heart.
I think you're tampering with magic.
You don't understand, boss.
That's okay.
Apparently, I'm God.
We all learned in season three.
There was this show called Fantasy Island that we've talked about with Paul F. Tompkins.
Detrain!
Good night, everybody.
Detrain?
Yeah, yeah.
No, but I really, that's what, that was my fantasy Westworld.
I'm not knocking this one.
No!
The story is fascinating, but the idea that there would be an upstairs downstairs, like
down in Abbey.
Yeah.
The servants were the gods.
The gods lived in the underworld, and they were these polyamorous, asexual, multisexual.
They were so fucked up, like what you're saying.
Like, they're looking at that you come to Westworld to fuck and murder in a simulation,
and these people, like, designed the things and send them back up.
And, like, how fucked up would they be as people, like, had their culture and stuff,
and we...
They turned out a lot like that British guy on the show.
Could there be a character that just comes in, like, just wants to open up a little mercantile
store?
Like, just wants to...
I want to become a blacksmith.
I really want to get into blacksmiths.
I get...
Here's one thought that I've had that I haven't shared.
I probably shouldn't, but I do think there are a couple people, probably, that would
go to the park, pay to go to the park, and then try to convince people that we're visiting
that they are robots.
Right.
No, of course.
Of course.
And have sex with people, like, as almost like a servant, just want to feel what that's
like to, like, go through it, because people are that fucked up.
Of course they are.
Go to any ren fair, yes.
Yes!
Exactly.
Like, the people that aren't getting paid that are walking around going, I don't look
of none!
You're like, your dream is to, like, this guy's making $5 an hour, and he hates doing it.
You want to do it for free.
Yeah, like, yeah.
It'd be like a non-crying game.
What happens if the guns that the guests have, are they real bullets, right?
They're blowing away the robots.
What's keeping them from...
I have no idea.
From accidentally blowing away somebody that's another guest, they just didn't realize.
Well, my assumption is that it is some kind of charge of some kind, and it either...
I don't know.
Some people get hit, and then they fall in and go, owie.
And it has something to do with, like, the further out you go, you're, like, volunteering
for the potential for physical abuse, but there's still cardinal rules.
Like, I can't leave a mark.
Like, maybe.
That's what I'm hearing alluded to.
That doesn't seem from the show.
Again, I'm just watching as a fan.
But people get punched.
Like, what happens there?
But I feel like it's like Ed Harris' character is out there.
By the way, I know there's this huge...
There's these reveals and shit that I'm not talking about, but like, so I'm not...
I'm staring clear of spoilers, but saying, like, it seems like the Ed Harris character
was, like, going further and further out where it was, like, it's...
Yeah, more and more dangerous.
They can punch you in the face.
Yes.
They can knock you unconscious.
Like, a little...
You know, you can tell the writers when you go back to work.
I could use a little more clarity on that.
I'm just kidding.
They have their thing going.
So, okay.
So, well, let's...
Do you want...
Do you want me to...
Oh, he's gone.
I believe I can fly.
And he's gone.
I believe I can touch.
Eddie!
Do you want me to...
A very quick version of the other side of that Kenyan story?
Yes, the Kenyan government side.
Yeah, before I was born, my father worked for the CIA.
Oh, my God!
Yeah.
Turns out, my father was the Bernie Madoff of Kenya.
And I didn't find that out until 2012 when information came out that that plant that he was supposedly had built,
the Kenyan government was making payments on it for 30 years
to a Brussels company, a Shell company.
So, the entire thing was a scam.
Oh, my God!
They scammed the entire country.
The only thing that would make the story good would be if it was in Nigeria.
What?
Your dad's job was to scam Nigerians.
Never mind.
Oh, now I understand that.
So, his job...
So, that was the EIA operation?
I don't know. We don't know.
They threatened your lives they had reason to because they...
Exactly.
And some of this came out with WikiLeaks has...
Why am I talking about this?
Are we all going to learn about your dad's with WikiLeaks?
Is there going to be a drone strike on Harmony?
No.
But they have the embassy recordings.
They have the transcripts of when he had to go to the embassy to try to hide.
So, they had like, why am I saying the name?
But they have those transcripts of when he was...
What the actual American interaction with this guy...
So, he gave you...
Your name is like...
It's like a spy operation.
Like, a Ptolemae.
Like, it's like...
Yeah, there might be the key to the entire my name.
I might have it in me.
I think your name is like a password and some vault.
Right.
So, first I have to do sexy laser hopscotch.
And then when I get to the thing, I'm like, there's a password?
Ptolemae.
Yeah.
I put my like, hand on it.
Or they realize like, it's inside me.
Some like, some kind of horcrux and they have to kill me to get it out.
Oh my god, like your scalp has a maze on it.
That's a show, right?
You understand, it's like a fiction.
It's a fiction.
I don't think your scalp has a show, so there's a maze on it.
No, I...
It's getting a little bit like one of those 70's movies where you don't know how it's gonna end.
And I'm slightly concerned.
By the way, if that, if that, if that scalp maze doesn't turn out to come to some use, some navigational purpose,
I want some of my HBO money back.
Or like, if he doesn't pull that scalp back out and go like,
well, we should be about in the middle.
We're right by the eyebrow.
The back side of the eyebrow.
Alright, well, speaking of gore and things human and visceral,
your character has to deal in robotic blood and guts.
And I, in my genius of booking guests, like I thought, just fit like a tumbler and key.
You just asked me to do the show like 10 minutes before.
Yeah, that's true.
But then I saw this connection and I'm excited about it.
We have, I met this couple.
Let's bring out Alan and Katrina.
I won't use their last names.
Any World
Any World, our loss is your gain.
Alright, Alan and Katrina, you guys are EMTs, both of you.
Correct.
You're a married EMT couple.
Actually, we're just friends.
We're not married.
We're roommates.
What?
Yes.
Wait, shut up, wait.
Any World
Wait, when did I, how many times have you heard me talk to you as if you were husband and wife?
Actually, the only time was when we talked in the green room.
Before that, it was just Steve as far as I know.
But I was like, okay, well, we'll correct him when we get a chance.
Okay, so whose kids did I meet?
You met my kids.
Okay, your kids, you're just friends with Katrina.
You're not married.
Those were not her kids.
No.
Alright, fantastic.
Alright, well, I mean, God, you guys are so boring now.
Oh, I thought you were married.
No, the marriage had nothing to do with it.
I'm just fascinated I could get that wrong somehow.
Okay, so anyways, but I met you guys and your kids.
You guys had, we met at Stan Lee's Kamikaze Expo in line to meet Stan Lee,
which I was told was happening because Stan Lee wanted to meet me.
And you had been told was happening because you were a contest winner
and got to meet Stan Lee and both of us experienced the same thing,
which is a very confusing kind of awkward.
If you had told me this was how it was going to work,
I could have opted out like kind of meeting with a very beleaguered,
not beleaguered, he wasn't cranky.
He's just kind of, he's Stan Lee, he's got bigger fish to fry.
He's just kind of like, what?
Hello, hello, hello.
He's got a pep in his step.
I mean, he's really, as far as what I see him,
he's walking around like he's 20 years old.
Yeah, I don't know how old he is.
93.
Jesus.
Yes.
He's 93 years old and he walks around.
I mean, we pick up patients every day that they're 30 years old
and they're like, I can't walk to the gurney.
Well, what happened?
I stubbed my toe.
Really?
This is what you're going to go with when we get to the hospital.
You stubbed your toe.
You don't need to go to the hospital.
Yes, I do.
Stan Lee's walking around in 93 like he's, you know, the godfather
and you can't get to the gurney because you stubbed your toe.
Yeah.
Yeah, so he's doing great.
Honestly, yeah, if you guys haven't met him and want to meet him,
yeah, soon.
But maybe he's never stubbed his toe.
Maybe Stan Lee is only 93 because somehow,
and then he's going to stub his toe and just shatter like close.
Oh, just sick.
Knock on wood.
But anyways, we met him, which was essentially, it was like,
it was like, Stan Lee wants to meet you.
Well, no, he doesn't.
We were brought to the front of an autograph line
at a standard convention thing and then it was like,
let me introduce you to, this is Dan Harmon.
He has a show called Rick and Morty.
Oh, is that on the radio?
He said something like, I didn't know if he was doing a bit or not
or if that was like, I don't know if that was like a Stan Lee standard bit
or if he really was like, hey, maybe, I mean, maybe it's on the radio.
But anyways, we...
Radio TV shows are what he knows.
Yeah, yeah.
That's what you grew up on.
Like you guys...
So then you were standing there and I was like,
I was wondering who the hell are these guys?
I thought maybe you were like, you could have been somebody from a CW show
or something, I didn't know.
I was there to do a panel and then meet Stan Lee
and then you guys were there, you were cosplaying,
you were your Green Lantern.
I was the Flash that day.
We did a group as the Blue Lanterns
and my character was the Flash that had been recruited by the Blue Lanterns.
Those Lanterns.
Yeah.
It was a simple hope.
You love the Lantern mythology like that?
Actually, I do enjoy a lot of the Lantern mythology.
I think it shows the perspective of a lot of people's personalities
and how we're all different and how things balance out
and keep each other in check.
Because if you're a Green Lantern, you're basing it on willpower.
Willpower, right? What's blue again?
Hope.
Hope versus willpower.
See, you could have willpower and bring that to bear with hope.
Couldn't you hope with will, with a strong will?
Yes, I think.
Or be angry with a strong will.
But you could have a strong will and still be like, oh, I can't do this.
This sucks.
I don't want to get out of bed.
I work at Walmart.
Was that anywhere?
Anywhere.
There we go.
Okay, well, I don't know.
There's a thing. I'm a verbal thinker.
I don't like the superpower where I can make a green thing in front of me.
And then it's like, oh, no, there's a yellow thing.
That's my worst enemy.
I was like, what is the green thing?
The green thing is like a machine gun.
I made a green machine gun.
And I was like, oh, great.
That's clever that you thought of a machine gun.
Anyways, I don't want to shit on your life.
Katrina, what were you dressed as?
I was debuting Jack Skellington Assassin.
So Assassin's Creed, Jack Skellington version.
Nice.
And you guys are married, which I thought was so cool.
Congratulations, by the way.
I like what you said that you were debuting it.
That was the inaugural go at this particular cosplay?
It was. I had just finished it the night before.
But yeah, it was where I debuted that new cosplay.
Did it get some love? Did you get some good attention for that?
It actually did. It was a big hit.
Are you all right, Tolome?
No, I'm good.
He's asleep now.
I'm kind of a fan of the lantern situation,
but I'm trying to keep my mouth shut.
Well, all right. I mean, sell me on Green Lantern.
Look, Eric.
It's imagination.
Eric Esquivel.
He sold me on Superman.
Like, I fucking love Superman now, you know?
Like, tell me about you.
Well, so here's the thing about Superman.
In my opinion, like all of these things came from
an aspect of human nature that was then expanded
upon as a what if.
It's as like the natural incarnation of that thing.
And one of the things that we have as humans
is imagination.
Like, what if I could just imagine something
to will it into place?
The colors thing, that is a currency that it's using.
There's just like differences,
and there's a lot of card games that are based on that colors
or what have you.
But the essence of what wouldn't be cool is
if I could lift something,
what if I could lift a million things?
You know what I mean?
It's just an extension of a human trait.
And this trait is imagination itself.
And that is a really cool thing to follow.
Like, it's so fun to like celebrate that as a power.
And a physical incarnation of that power.
But is it the idea that the ring gives you more imagination,
or is it the ring that could focus your imagination
so you need to be imaginative to use it right?
Because he could just shoot people with green
blast of energy and kill them.
And it works.
That is also part of his imagination.
Whatever it's, whatever it's commanded with.
Also, he could just cover himself with a green shield
that protects him against damage.
So he could just do that the whole time.
He kind of does.
All these things.
And DC suffers from this across the board.
So I think it's beautiful is that it's all overpowered.
All of these things are overpowered.
And that's why it's difficult for them to like figure out
how to make these things human.
But it is an amazing,
it's just an amazing currency to play with the idea of imagination.
And I like that they went with it because he had so much power,
the power of imagination,
that he eventually just went crazy.
Which I think is so interesting.
Well, yeah.
They're getting into,
I'm sure if I read every,
like Green Lantern obviously goes all the way.
Just don't watch the movie.
I only know him from the surface.
It's just like the guy with the green,
with the ring and the thing.
Yeah, sorry.
The, uh...
But just make a green Superman.
Spencer's point is about that I never...
And just to be clear,
I don't hate Green Lantern.
You brought this on and then we talked about it.
Like I think it's...
I said, what do you think of Green Lantern?
But then you said something that I thought was interesting
because I don't think this stuff through enough.
But you said, what you just said,
DC characters, it's all like gods basically.
Unless you count Batman,
but there's Marvel characters.
DC characters are defined by one weakness.
They all have like a kryptonite.
And then Marvel characters are,
you know, they're all kind of, in one sense or another,
regular Joes who have one power.
Yes.
Like that kind of like fucks up their life.
Exactly.
But if you look at it, it's like a 70's movie thing.
You're a superhero.
You cannot date.
Sorry.
No, no, it's okay.
I'm gonna stop talking because I'm just gonna keep talking.
No, come on.
You're Ptolemae.
I mean, we can't...
Look at it like in the 70's version, right?
So there's 70's films and there's films that come after it
that are just like archetypes.
But these things came at a time in our world that is much,
that is in the past, long time ago.
So the idea of extending a human trait to its maximum was
brand new and had never happened before.
So they weren't perceiving how this would need to be
modified in the future.
They were, they, from a single individual that is a living
person to the godlike power that they were given,
really expanded people's imagination.
And expanded like their experience of the world around them.
There was purpose to these things.
So it was this big thing and they still gave them that
weakness, which I think is fascinating.
It's an interesting archetype.
And I don't think it holds up as well or as easily as today.
So I'm not arguing one against the other, but these are
fascinating.
I think they're fascinating like tools for storytelling.
And I think people don't quite understand like the lineage
of where it came from even in the same way that people don't
like 70's movies now because they're not great.
But they were really fascinating at the time when there were
no rules.
Right.
But are we supposed to look at them through that lens?
I guess, yeah, when I watch a Woody Allen movie, I'm like,
part of my appreciation is he wasn't famous for being Woody
Allen yet.
This is amazing that he put himself in a movie even though
he's not sexy and he's like, just decided to cast himself as
the romantic lead.
Like that's hilarious.
Like, I am looking at it through a cultural retro lens.
And his level of honesty was way too far.
Because if I look at it through a modern lens, I'm like,
I don't like Woody Allen movies anymore.
I'm fascinated by the idea that, like, I fortunately have
never had to be in an ambulance with EMTs.
But I like the idea that the EMTs that come and get you might
also have been cosplaying the night before.
Yes.
Let's get into your vocation because that's what's fascinating.
So I just learned in the green room, for instance,
EMTs totally different from paramedics.
Not totally different, but different.
I always thought it was synonymous.
EMTs are alarmingly close to a person that got out of high
school and wants to work with blood and guts for a living.
Yeah, that's basic.
Not to knock your vocation, but actually to praise you because
it's a very low paying job.
Go ahead.
You take it from here.
Yeah.
Well, first of all, thank you for saying I'm out of high
school.
I'm actually 30 now, so I must look good.
Beyond that, yeah, it's true.
Basically, it's considered a certificate that you would get
in a college setting, but ultimately, our schooling and
stuff is about six to nine months, and there's even
accelerated programs, which you can do it in like two.
I don't recommend that to anybody.
Imagine trying to understand all this information in two
months, and really that's not even true.
I don't recommend that to the injured.
Yeah, we're sending the guy out.
He's got his GT, and he took it weekend intensive.
That's exactly why I didn't do that, because in my
opinion, if your life is in my hands, the last thing you
want to know is I've been practicing this for the past
four weeks.
Don't worry, you're going to be okay.
How do I do this again?
It's okay.
I've been doing this for every weekend for the past month.
You're good.
And you said an EMT's job is to stabilize.
You arrive at the scene, it's like tourniquets,
splints, I don't know, whatever.
Splinting, bleeding control, so tourniquets, breathing
for people?
We actually are able to do that.
Ventilating, yes.
Ventilating.
Like tracheotomies?
You ever have to punch a hole?
No tricks.
Oh, okay.
You have the little mask that you put over people's
faces, and you squeeze the bags.
Are able to breathe for them until the paramedics come
and can stick tubes down their throat and intubate them.
Yeah, and the difference basically between like EMT
and paramedics, so EMT, basically we are their
assistants, if you want to put it that way.
We assist them.
We're the nurses to their doctor.
Right.
And the paramedics spend a lot more time in school to get
their medical license and basically, as I said, our job is
to stabilize the patient to get them to the hospital in
under 10 minutes, hopefully.
And in that time, once we get there, the nurses and the doctors
and the ER take over and they go ahead and make sure that
you're able to revitalize the person.
So if a 911 call goes out, an EMT is a responder on that.
Yeah, so the EMT likely is the person driving.
The paramedic is going to be in the passenger seat because
he's got to be first to...
Or she.
I apologize.
Yes.
I believe I cry.
Gender equality, this guy.
Dan's Marvel superpower is that he learned that he can
high road you without doing anything really, let that heros get off.
Imagine harnessing the power to high road.
I thought you guys were married because I'm not racist.
Oh, God.
But he has a weakness.
Yes.
I see race.
I can't stop seeing it.
It's everywhere.
You said you were from Kenya, right?
No.
I'm basically like the last guy that deserves to say I'm Kenyan.
You guys told me something.
I want to honor your candor.
I think people will understand this.
You guys work in human plumbing for a living.
You show up and people are ripped apart.
You have things knocked off of them.
People are in various states of biological chaos and your job is to stabilize it.
What's that?
Different parts of decay.
And so you shared with me in the green room, you guys among yourselves, just as I think
writers in writers' rooms go to some pretty dark places that don't necessarily have anything
to do with the jokes that end up in the Big Bang Theory.
You guys go to fucking dark.
You said you got a YouTube video that was like a private link to a YouTube video.
Basically, our Christmas parties are who has the goriest pictures and who has the goriest stories.
It's not so much that we're like six sadistic people.
It's the fact that that's how we cope with it.
You have to basically make humor out of some of, I'm sorry, to say somebody's darkest day
or their family's darkest day because you've got to be able to come home and be like,
I'm okay.
I'm going to be okay.
It gives you control over it.
It's a very uncontrollable circumstance that you're constantly inserting.
I can see all this stuff all day.
Go home and still be able to lay down and sleep at night.
Exactly.
And otherwise than that, I mean, loving Deadpool is my favorite character.
It does help.
Deadpool makes sense for an EMT.
Exactly.
That's when people are really excited to see me.
I was cosplaying Deadpool this morning.
Now I'm here to help you.
So, because you guys told me, I mean, you were just, I don't know,
it's like, I don't even know why I bring it up again.
It was just like kind of fascinating watching your face, which like,
when you're describing like, you got this video and it was like this guy that got like,
ground up or split apart or something.
And you're kind of like, I was like, like this sort of like,
you might as well have been talking about like architecture.
Arm went this way, head was that way.
Yeah.
That's basically, I mean, and that's how it is.
It's a point of why we kind of do our jobs because whether we're talking about,
yes, this video where the guy was going like 170 miles per hour on his motorcycle
and then next part in the video, well, his torso is here, his head is over there
and his legs are split apart like, you know, wishbones, except in the middle are his pants
that are holding the two feet so you can kind of nunchuck them, you know.
You know, it's funny to me because...
That's what I'm talking about.
Like, he's not a bad guy.
You know, he's a good guy.
But with the people who are only listening to this can't see is how turned on told me is right now.
I had that one in the chamber and I was like, this is going to be the easiest call back.
But there's other days that there's good stories.
So she actually had a really good story that happened not too long ago, the racetrack.
Oh, yeah.
So I'm part of a race team.
I don't know if anyone's ever heard of Chuck Waller Raceway.
It's way out in Desert Center.
It's a private racetrack.
We do private race teams.
Not even three weeks ago, I was out there.
It's usually super boring.
We lay there or we sit there waiting for something.
That was a union rule.
We lay there.
We sit there.
The stretchers are only for the clients.
This is true.
Very true.
Yeah.
So we were just sitting there waiting.
We wait for people to go down on their motorcycles or crash their cars into the different towers.
Which is exactly what the audience is waiting for.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
So we're sitting there waiting.
And like most of the day, it was biker down, riders down.
Okay, rider popped back up.
Back on his bike.
Let's go.
So we hear rider down, second rider down.
Okay, wait.
First rider's up.
Oh, shit.
Second rider's not moving.
Sorry.
Can I say that?
So second rider's not moving.
He just said nunchucks out of a man's life.
True, true.
Yeah, no, you can say anything you want.
Okay.
So we hear second rider's not getting up.
So we flip on our license arenas, shoot across the racetrack, get to him and he's laying face down.
And we're like, oh crap.
Okay.
Well, we actually have to work today.
Yay.
No, it's a lot of fun.
But so we...
That was a heartwarming story.
You were right.
At first I thought, oh, these nunchucks, that's a tough story.
But he went right to the heart warmer.
She's like, oh, I get to work today.
No, I kid the injured.
I kid him because I love him.
Yeah, so we're like, okay, so we rock up, he's face down or whatever.
We do our normal roll him over, support his airway, support his head.
We start taking off his clothes.
We have special leather cutters, start taking his helmet off.
And after taking a helmet off, we notice that he's doing a weird thing we call guppy breathing.
So basically it's...
It waits a while.
Okay.
Well, okay, that obviously means he's not breathing.
Check pulses, no pulses.
So it's just me and my partner, me and a medic.
Just the two of us were like, crap.
Okay, fire department's 15 minutes away.
Helicopters, half an hour away.
Okay, well, here we go.
So we cut his leathers off, begin CPR, chest compressions, breathing from.
The other rider that went down with them, unfortunately, had broke his arm.
So he's walking up with like a flimsy wrist.
Like, guys, what do you need?
I'm ski patrol, but I can try to help.
Everybody's afraid of the T-Rex.
His name was ski patrol?
Are they like transformers?
That's badass.
Ski patrol.
Sidewinder.
Roll out.
Wheeljack.
So anyway, so we start to do these compressions on him, and we get to shock him, which, believe it or not, is a very rare thing.
When someone has no heartbeat, we hardly ever shock them.
So we got to shock him.
After the third shock, we feel down.
He has pulses.
We're like, yes, by ourselves, just two of us.
No one, probably the most rewarding thing I've had in a couple years, get him to a helicopter.
By the time we get him to a helicopter, he's fighting us.
He's like...
Fighting us is a good thing.
That means you're alive again and wanting to live.
Yeah, trying to...
Throwing punches at you?
Like, get the fuck off me?
Yes.
Also, you ruined my pants.
You cut my goddamn letters off.
You ruined my letters!
You wouldn't be surprised.
A lot of people get really upset about us cutting their clothes off, trying to save their life.
Is that in a fugue state, or are you...
No, that's just...
Oh my God, you just cut my $100 pair of pants.
Fuck you, what are you going to do?
I want that money back for that $100.
I mean, obviously the leather he had on was multi-hundred dollars, and he was fighting us away.
We get him in a helicopter.
He's still fighting them, like, leave me alone, leave me alone.
So that was extremely rewarding.
Yeah, so...
To actually...
Leave me alone, leave me alone.
It was rewarding to actually make a difference for once, instead of just taking the person that stubbed their toe,
or, believe it or not, woke up from a bad dream and is scared to be home alone.
So that brings to mind the question, like, what...
It seems to me that there's two things that would bring you to this job.
One is this, like, altruistic thing that's like, oh my God, I love people,
which is why a story like that is so much more fulfilling for you.
Like, I got to do the thing that I want to do today, which is actually...
Which is actually do the zappy paddles and bring somebody from dead to alive,
and if I hadn't been there, they'd be dead, and now I feel good going to bed tonight.
Exactly. If the two of us weren't there, then...
But that speaks to empathy.
And the other thing that makes you good at this job is the other thing we've seen,
which is that you're sociopaths, like, that you...
That you guys can actually somehow, like, you can deal with that stuff without going,
this is a human being, I can't handle looking at their innards.
Right.
Well, 90% of our job, honestly, is transporting patients from one hospital to another.
That's 90% of our job.
10% is actually going code 3 and having to show up at an emergency,
and of that 10%, probably only another 5% of that is actually serious injury
to a point where this is why I love my job, this is why I do it,
because yeah, we all initially do it because we care about people or we like the job we do,
because as we told you, we don't get paid almost anything.
Right.
I'm talking about a little bit above minimum wage.
What?
That's it.
Which I was kind of shocked by.
Yeah.
Good for you.
It's the same thing.
Meaning that they're doing it is, you know...
Yeah, this is not a job you go and get rich quick scheme.
Do people, does America need more EMTs?
We need more specifically paramedics, because again, EMTs do help,
but without the paramedic, because of the scope of practice,
there are certain things we're not allowed to do, even if we know how.
We just, if we do it, we're losing our license.
I did say something, because there's kind of a paramedic shortage.
Yes.
And because there's money to be made, therefore, by these paramedic schools,
which, correct me when I'm wrong, you pay $10,000 to, if you're an EMT,
you pay $10,000 like tuition to a school, do some schooling.
There's barriers between you and being a paramedic that represent money for schools
that are now rushing people into paramedic.
Basically, you graduate EMT school.
The next week, they say, hey, give us $10,000.
We'll make you this paramedic.
Which is scary to think, because this paramedic will go through two years of school, roughly.
And, however, if he spent no time on a rig, this guy basically has spent, or she,
this person, this person, this person now has to literally know how to help people
without ever actually helping a person in their whole career.
They might not know that they're squeamish.
Exactly.
It's happened.
They go all the way through school, they go to their first real scene,
and they're like, I can't handle this.
But that's where the EMTs come in.
You have EMTs like me, who've been doing this for eight years,
that take those new medics and are able to babysit them.
But you're the nurse to their doctor, and now you're more qualified than them.
Exactly.
So, Trump's going to take care of this, right?
He's going to, he's a businessman.
He'll build a wall to put around the bodies.
If he could put a bigger wall between paramedic and EMT, like maybe that would help, I don't know.
Yeah, I mean, the whole thing is, I get it, you know, everybody has to make their money.
We have to, you know, pay to, you've got to pay to be in a certain profession,
no matter what profession it is, like originally I wanted to be an actor.
There's still money I've got to pay to go to school and do that.
However, the point is, is just, yes, it's those provisions put in the place where you have to do usually a thousand hours
of being at EMT before you can even become a paramedic,
and that's really important for the safety of the population as well as the safety of us.
And again, it's, you know, it's not a pity party to say that,
yeah, we would like some more money in this and that, but again, we do our jobs because we enjoy them.
However, you know, we have our bad days too.
Yeah, even today, unfortunately, one of my divisions, which guys, this is really important,
I bring it up because it's sad to me, but we watched it the other day,
and sure enough today, things went wrong.
When we go code three, guys, pull over, please pull over.
To the left, please.
Code three means lights and sirens.
Code three means lights and sirens because today,
Wait, what does pull over to the left mean?
That seems important.
Pull to the left side of the road.
Do not pull to the right because we drive.
I think you're getting that backwards.
Oh, sorry, correction, sorry.
Are you sure you're not a dick?
Park perpendicularly perpendicular to the road.
Pull to the right.
Pull to the right side of the road because we drive on the left side of the road.
Yeah, just like you see any cops or anything else,
and please just double check your mirrors.
Unfortunately today, a SUV went head on with one of my division's rigs,
and we had to fly out our paramedic,
and they were already on a, I said, code three going to a scene,
and unfortunately they had to be flown out to a trauma center.
So that also means the scene they were going to,
they had to, took longer for them to get there,
because they had to send a second ambulance,
along with an ambulance to the accident.
Yeah, that's, that's the system.
You okay?
I have a horrible joke.
Go ahead.
I just don't know if you guys show pictures of that paramedic at the party.
Yeah.
That's going to be up to the paramedic.
Or is that like too personal?
Understand, whenever we show pictures,
we make sure first and foremost that,
because of the HIPAA laws and stuff,
we don't state names, we don't take pictures of the person's face and stuff like that.
So usually it's nothing identifying.
Usually it's the wreckage of the car.
Yeah.
Or, yeah, or if it's a body part that's by itself,
you really can't tell who that is, but.
Yeah, I don't know.
But the, the.
You ever see somebody just dick fly off?
You should see.
Actually yes, actually yes.
Just their dick.
Okay, let's be clear.
Let's be clear.
I work in Palm Springs, so.
Dicks are flying.
Yes.
The dick mutilation capital of the world.
Yes, so.
Dick injuries are very common for me.
I'm kind of curious about your own personal injuries.
Do you guys ever like, like, like if you, if you are the way you are,
and you're, and you're able to be comfortable with other people's injuries,
does that make you a little bit like a super person?
Like if you're working on a bandsaw and you lose your pinky, are you less dizzy?
Actually, knock on wood.
I've never broken a bone in my body.
And as far as injuries go, yeah, I, I look at myself and I say, you know, hey,
you know, pain's going to come, things happen.
But if you're telling me, yeah, if I, uh, bandsaw in my hand,
no, I'm screaming like a little girl.
Oh my God!
Four little boys.
Non-stop.
I'm screaming like a baby.
But what about your kids?
You had two kids, right?
I have three total.
Three total.
So one of each.
Wait, I didn't hear.
This is true.
Wait.
I'm going to actually need to go back over that afterwards.
That, that, but have they, have they, have they, have they,
have they, have they, can't ever like just fall it on their face
or like just blood and everything and like.
Actually, the, uh, first time that I've ever had to do anything that was,
um, medically, uh, induced help was my first, uh, child,
me being the wonderful father I am, I was a county change on the bed
and he got a hold of a quarter when I walked out of the room
and, uh, swallowed the quarter partially.
And I had to do, uh, backthrest and kind of the Heimlich maneuver
while he's actively vomiting everywhere.
And that's the only thing that kept me happy is if he's vomiting,
there's, there's airway.
So, but eventually a quarter popped out before we had to go to the hospital.
So, Holy smokes.
Very thankful for that.
And, um, that's the only thing I've done so far.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, so Starburn's, my studio, we, we had, uh, Dino and I
had lunch with, uh, uh, our, uh, C, CFO, our, uh, head accountant,
uh, uh, uh, Pleasant Mormon fellow who is, uh, we had hired who,
who, to, to, to, to turn our business around for us.
And, and we were, we were talking to him about, uh, uh, uh, uh,
uh, uh, you know, uh, oh, we should, we should get health benefits for all the
everybody. And it's so great that you're here. Thank you so much. And then he
started choking on his, uh, skirt steak, uh, that he was eating. And Dino and I
just kind of like sat there. It was like, it was like an out of body
experience, but with it where you don't like, I wasn't doing, I was looking at
myself doing nothing. He was like, why are you choking on my dinner table? Stop
that. We did, in the seventies, it seemed like there was a movement to like
teach people about the Heimlich, you know, there was like a big movement.
This is like, like, like this is like, you know, it's like, is there anything you
could just verbally impart to me when I said, I, because I know the general idea
is, I know I shouldn't sit there, but, but, but, but like, like, like, I mean, I
don't know, like, did he die? You never finished. No, he just, he stood up out of
the booth. Dino and I were still sitting. We were so slow in reacting that the bar
tender at little Dom's made it all the way around the bar and said, are you okay
as he finally barfed up a little piece of steak onto the floor? And Dino and I
were still sitting. And I just look about, I was like, that's the day I learned I'm a
fucking horrible, like, I'm just like, like, like, I got to change something, but I, I,
I won't, right? Like, I'll, my only, I don't want to be, I was just like, I didn't, I
didn't do anything. But that's like, this is the, what the Marvel universe is. Like,
it's 100% weaknesses, but one power, one gender power. And that's, yeah, I have the
ability to proclaim myself feminist. That's it. If a woman is choking, I'll just
be like, I don't know what to tell you. If they, if they have a historic election dangled
in front of them and then snatched away, I'll just be like, all right, take it easy.
I think I told the story before, but I almost died on a corn dog at Wienerschnitzel in high
school. And, and I was like, Oh, fuck it. This is how I die. I die on a fucking corn
dog. Cause I was trying to get a bite of the corn dog and I bit too much and the guy did
a joke of giving me more than I wanted. So I got the whole corn dog and I bit it off and
now I got a corn dog in my throat and I just, I'm, and everyone just sat there and I'm
dying and I can't breathe at all. And you can't swallow it. It's not coming back up.
There's no way to get a hand on it. And my friend Brandon Morgan, who we call Bam Bam
because he was just really strong. All right. He just fucking picked me up by the ankles
and shook it on out. He fucking, he got it done.
How tall was Bam Bam? I was you by the ankles. No, I was little. I was like five foot four
when I was like a freshman in high school. Bam Bam, everything. He was my best friend.
Everything on my shitty Volkswagen Shirako, my 81 Shirako. It was, I love that car. It
was a piece of garbage and everything on the passenger side because Bam Bam was always
in there. Everything was broken. He would just close the door and the handle will come
off in his hand. All the knobs and anything that he could touch on his side was off. So
we had to get in and out of that side of the car like the General Lee. Like you had to
fuck it. All right. Well, Alan and Katrina, thank you so much for sharing your, your lives
with us. So you're living together and there's a will they won't they going on there, but
it's not, it's the living situation comes down to California prices. Yeah, but it's
just amazing. I was talking to the green room and I became kind of ashamed of myself because
I'm like, you guys watching Westworld and like your answer was like, it had so much
to do with like, well, once a year when HBO is, is has a package for $10 less, like we
said, it's like, you guys are living hand to mouth and you're, then you're just showing
up whenever everybody else who's like, you know, I don't know, it's just kind of fucked
up. Like we should pay teachers more. We should pay cops more. We should pay EMTs more. We
should pay everybody more. But like, like, like, you know, I don't know, maybe, maybe
we can have some Harmontown scholarship to make sure you guys make it to the paramedic
level where I'm sure it's like $8 an hour. Right. I'll, I'll, I'll, we'll, we'll, we'll,
we'll figure it out. I feel like I might put more into the Big Bang Theory slot machine
than you guys need to like, like get up there. There was a, there was a Kickstarter that happened
because somebody stole your glass that, that Jane made. Like, it was like, like, what,
we should do Kickstarter for just people that, that, that don't barf when they see your dick
fly off. Yes, we should. We should. That's kind of a rough pitch, but you got, you got
the idea. Yeah. So, so everybody pull over when you, when you, when you, for, for ambulance
pull over to the left and the right. Just do a series of figure eights. Even if you, even
if you just at least stop, just stop, just let us move around you, go around you, something
of that nature. I'll start stopping when you start spelling words in the right direction.
Right. Fucking spelling ship backwards. They're anticipating your backwards viewing of it.
Right. All right. Well, so, so, so if you guys don't mind saying goodbye to the, let's
thank Katrina and Alan. You can go back in the, in the, in the holding tank. I'm not
very good at running the show. That was great. There's more people I wanted to meet. Is
a, I can't believe we missed 9-11 when we had EMGs out here. That was sad. I saw it.
I saw it, but you saw, you son of a bitch. You just issued that much restraints. Yeah.
That was a missed opportunity. He'll be fine. Speaking of 9-11, you know, I was at the Las
Vegas airport today and the TSA like slowed to a crawl and like detained Cody and I and
like, I was getting so cranky and like, I was, I'm going to miss the show and I'm so
pissed. Fuck it's TSA. Fuck the TSA. These fucking assholes like, look at them like,
like blah, blah, blah. But it turns out like, like we were slowed down because both Cody
and I were carrying knives from Death Valley that I bought, I bought, I bought at a store
a knife that said Cody and a knife that said Dan and we had them in our luggage and they
got both of us. And I was like, we had flown from Los Angeles to Las Vegas with those knives.
So congratulations Las Vegas TSA. I like, you went from being my least favorite people
to because I don't want to be on a plane. If you can get on there with a knife, I didn't
know I had the knife. I had fucking knives. Anyways, wait, did you lose them? Did you
have to surrender your knife? Yeah, I had to throw them away. I mean, they had $10
knives, but you can, but I mean, come on. It's all terrible. The knives were 10 bucks
at a gift store and you know, I don't know. I just like, like we were late for, we weren't
late, but I'm lazy. I don't want to fill out a form. Then you get like junk mail, I'm sure
from the TSA. They're like, Hey, if you'd ask about our condo deals. What were you going
to say? You can, if it's precious, you can have it mailed. Well here, wait, this I can
solve. Wait, you would, I was invading. You're going to pay her for the knife, but you're
not going to pay the EMTs. I can't afford HBO. I don't have $10,000 in my pocket. I have
no, you could have bought them an HBO for a subscription. Oh, that's true. Well, this
is for them. Okay. $100. I'll pretend I have spent a big bank. Who else is in hard times
right now? Dantan and not money. Anybody? We should really have an ATM here.
I spent my last 120. Well, wait, I, I, I, I, I, I, there's other people I wanted to,
oh yeah. Yeah. Now he's got guests to bring out. Yeah. Is the, is the, is the guy, who
is the guy that was tweeting the, is the, he's here. I saw him put up a sign towards the
front of the stage. All right. Human, human party guy. Where, okay. Do you want to come
up? Come on up. Human party stranger. Oh, hello. You are. Yeah. Hello. This is on purpose.
This is strategic. Oh, thank you. Okay. There's a gentleman in a kilt and a t-shirt handing
out gifts. It's the Las Vegas class. Just hot as a God damn pistol. He's got all sorts
of labels on his back. You're handing me a vapor with his weed. This is some sort of
American. Oh, what's your name, sir? My name is John Roswell. John Roswell? No. And what
did you bring for me? I actually was going to bring you my luckiest 20. But then I was
going to give you that. Get closer. Get closer because he's, no, no, no, I'm fine. No, no,
I'm not, I'm not a real vapy weedy type. You could use a better than me. All right. No,
I still want it. If you're not giving a dispenser. Are you about to sell us real estate or what's
happening here? More or less. He's got a kilt on. Well, grab a mic. Yeah. Yes. Eat the
mic. Eat the mic. Yeah. So you might crush my dream tonight. So before anything happens,
switch cameras on. Just the red light. Look at the red light. Baby, I love you. I love
you so much. My beautiful wife, Heather, got me here and my son, D'Artagnan. This is for
you. Maybe are you in the agency with his dad? No, you can go. This is going to get
weird. So it's already weird. Don't just miss my guests. Now, Dan, I even have props, but
we'll see if we get to that. All right. The poster that was brought up. Right. So how do
you want me to do this, Dan? Well, I mean, I'll I feel like you're prepared, right? What's
that? You seem very prepared for what's about to happen. Let me get the backstory. Would
you want to sit or do you want to stock the stage like a panther the whole time? Oh my
God. All right. All right. I've never done anything like this before in my life. I would
give you all there's about a 50 50 chance I throw up on you people. Okay. I've never
been on stage. I've never I have a didn't do drama. I don't have a script. I'm trying
to sell. I'm not a failed actor. I live in Washington. Getting here was insane. I flew
just for this because you finally told me give it a shot and oh, hold on. I've got hold
on. Oh, and I'm going to start a Kickstarter and this shirt is going to be on there. It's
very important to what I'm doing. All right. Because my point is we're all we still need
the mic though. Let's just tear the show. All right. This is for you. Okay. This show
has become my character. It's become a Charles Manson's shark tank. Yes. What I'm proposing
is this one, I guess. I like that. Let me see. I've been sitting back there nervously.
I love this show and I've never hated a show more than this one. How do I follow those
guys? Oh, well, not by insulting the show traditionally, but the way the show is beautiful. You're
beautiful. I love you for how you show us all your soul and we see how wonderful a person
you are. I love him for his logic. I love your I love you for keeping shit going. Fuck yeah.
And everybody that knows me, everybody at home that knows me is now saying fuck, he's
doing the seven to one rule on. Sorry, guys. What is the seven to one rule? Oh, oh, shit.
It's not even on subject. Jesus Christ. All right. Seven to one rule is basically as a
management thing where you're supposed to give people seven compliments to one negative.
Okay. Here comes the one. I'm saving that for I threw that in early. He let off with
the one. Yeah. Yeah. He's making. All right. So it's what people up here. You can add me
to the seven. You got like a whole seven. I was hoping I was hoping for a no guess night.
I really was. I bet. Wow. I was not. I was not uncomfortable until just now. He's already
I was like, thank God I'm still here. The paramedics leave. I'm like, oh, Dan still
wants me on stage. Like, no, the paramedics are the lucky ones. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm sitting
over there and I'm just going, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God,
my dream is dying. Oh my God. They're EMTs, by the way. Do you want me to go? No, I will
go. I love you. I love your show. Okay. But he's right. Nobody cares about you on the
show, but I love your show. That's that's just a carryover from him. That's okay. I still
have my slab wife. Yes. Yes. You call her that, not me. You call her slab lady. No,
I don't. You call her slab lady. I said that. He said he heard it. People. That's like,
you learn that from Trump. There's like, people call her slab lady. That's the same. Why would
they call her that? She didn't like laying on slabs all the time. You're right. Yeah.
You I distracted. You're right. There should not have been a guy. No, no, no, no, no. You
are watching my dream. My dream is doing this as you go. No, no, no, no. My dream is
dying hours traveling here. It sounds and my bus broke down on the way to the airport.
The number of times you probably went through this show on the journey, right over and over
and none of them on the plane going like that. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. People are
going to say this and not one of them had this guy in your dream. Oh yeah. He announces
you and I love you. Sean. I'm like, fuck, fuck that guy. And he said, you said the story
about 20 minutes ago and I'm thinking, oh my God, great. And then he brings paramedics
out and I'm like, I can't compete with paramedics. EMT. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. Let's get into it.
You want to get into it? Well, yes. All right. All right. What, what, how did this come about
then? What qualified John here? Oh, so in case anyone else is also interested in this kind
of thing, you could just tweeted us. No, don't say that. Don't say that. This is what happened.
So he tweeted at us and now he's here. Right. I don't know. He tweeted and I would say the
adverb, hopefully it's not an offensive adverb incessantly. You tweeted incessantly.
Here, here, here. I'll just hold you. Oh, yeah. Put it in front of him. He's not necessary.
Careful with that. He's like a, he's like a dead body in the back of one of his scenes
right there. Needlessly hostile. I'm on the edge of my fucking seat right now. I have
no idea. I have no idea what on earth is happening. All right. He's a crazy person. He's going
to kill all of us. All right. Oh, no. Fuck your dreams. I fuck your dreams. Where's my
list of things I need from Dan at the end. I think that's a mind map. Sorry. All right.
I'm sorry. Okay. The first thing everybody has to remember, human party on Facebook,
human party on Facebook. I'm starting a new political party. Okay. So third, a political
third party. Yes, go ahead. Central to your, that's central to your platform is it needs
to be a third party. Yes. Okay. Continue. That's all right. These are the things we're
going to go do. Oh my God. I've been sitting over there and now it's all gone, Dan. Oh,
well, okay. Well, all right. What I need here is my goal, Dan is I'm, these are the things
we're going to do. These are the, the platform I've given him because he and I are discussing
it seriously. But here's the key for you is we live in a culture of personality. We have
for a long time, even before Trump, my friends have been sick of hearing about it for 20 years,
20 years. I've been a socialist Democrat. I believe these things. I am really doing
this because you know, my son is 17 and I would say he's ashamed of me. He's known my
entire life that I've wanted to fix this country. Yes. I love that guy. That's start
it won't happen. It won't happen. No, no, 10 years out here. I don't know what that's
accomplishing, by the way. So yeah, I don't want to bore you guys. And I'm sorry, Dan.
Dan just was kind of questioning whether this was serious because I sounded like a dork.
You know, he's like, what's this going to be? It is serious. Here's what I need you for,
Dan is I am going to tell stars. I'm going to start Twitter Wars with stars. You were
my first domino. Twitter my concept. Wait, Twitter Wars. Yeah. Okay. Well, let's let's
explore that. Okay. What do these Twitter Wars do? Okay, what? So we live in a world
of Twitter. Yeah, yeah. Okay, Trump proved it. Sure. I think stars are part of the problem.
The ultra liberal stars think that something's being accomplished by them getting likes on
their tweets are by them throwing a dinner for someone. And I've got a list of 20 stars.
I think I handed it to you that that it's okay. It's okay. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I know I'm sorry guys. I'm sorry. Again, this might pay off with throw up everywhere.
Oh, it'll pay off. No, don't do it. Don't. Oh, it's too early. Oh, no. All right. Number
one, voting holiday election reform. But number two, no, go back to the Twitter Wars. So one
of the problems you're solving up here is your son being embarrassed or hating you. What
was that? No, no. Okay, you ready? Well, no, I also, we're fixing that tonight. I want
socialist Democrats. I want to fix the world. My son has just heard about this for his entire
life. You know, when it's like I said, I had to get a normal job. I work a union job. I
work check to check just to get everybody to know what I gave you the pen, right? Oh
my God. All right. Hey, if they gave awards for Comptroller's, you would get. So I need.
All right. So what are the Twitter Wars? Okay, Spencer, they're supposed to energize
these celebrities by sharing it. Here it is. Shame and hope. Yes, here it is. And it's
two great tastes that go great together through shame and hope. Absolutely. I love you. You
got hope in my name. You got shame in my hope. You're getting to you're getting. I need him
for my music. No, no, you're you're building an implement. It's like, oh, no, you can't
do it. Number one. So all right, we really got to get through. Yeah, we don't have to
get through the list. The most important thing is the first thing, everybody. Colt was elected.
Well, Colt the personality I need your help with. Maybe we can talk so I don't bore. Trump's
more popular than Dan. No, no, it's fine. What is the problem is, is these stars need
either put up or shut the fuck up. I'm going to go with these people. Bill Maher is our
next shot. No, no. No, no, no. We just need number one. Just number one. Okay, so the
key is everybody remember, you're going to hear it all the time. Only 26% of the people
elected Trump, 26% or 47% of the motherfuckers all stayed home and just don't care. But then
they bitch every day. Sure. I'm afraid to ask for, you know, an audience participation
of who didn't. I'll be participation. All right. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go.
What we're going to do first thing, I'm going to get all these stars to run on this. All
right, we got to get through this. No, we don't have to get through. No, we need to.
No, we need us to get through this. No, we can't. They will know they don't know we're
making it happen until you stop making it happen. We got to keep it going. I fucking
love you. Just keep it going. I love you. I just need you to say more words on the subject.
All right, here we go. Number one. Oh, you want. Okay, I feel like I all right. We can't
jump around. All right. All right, America works. It's going to solve all the problems.
We're going to get free college and pick stakes, but you can't go there. Okay, at this point,
I think we have some ideas. Your platforms, your third party, you're coming, you're going
to fix everything. And then everyone will love it. Love it. Right. So there's this,
you know, this South Park sketch, these underpants gnomes, they're like step one, collect underpants,
step two, step three profit. That's the problem I'm having here. The step two involves create
a third party, infiltrate the two party system, which, which by the way, the two parties control
the electoral system and the voting system. So if you wanted to make voter change, you'd
actually have to, you'd have to join the parties because those are the people who vote on the
voting laws. So you literally could not affect voting reform. If you were a third party,
you'd have to join the Republicans and the Democrats and get both of those parties to
change their voting. And you'd need to do that before you can have a viable third party
in the first place. So I feel like even all your policies are what I'd consider standard
social policies that are very helpful and very good, but they're good. Yeah, but they're
not going, I agree, but you can't, but without this first step, you can't enact any of that.
And that's, that's like asking like, that's like saying, okay, I got this plan, delivery
stuff, all I have to do is fly and then I could deliver all these packages. It'll be
easy, but that's really hard in that, in, in our Twitter interaction. And today there's
been not, it's been completely glossed over in a way that I think we have to, you know,
come to terms with before we can really go forward because I think we can all agree that
it's important to make the world better.
Okay. I got my hand up and you're 100% right. Yes. No, I am. Except, except it can be done
through the Senate if I can get four to six seats. And if some of those seats are famous
people, 46 Congress, no, four to six, right? Four to six, four to six. So let's say six
seats. 126 seats. You're on the ball. That was better than you guys reacted to. Good
joke, Jeff. Okay. This is what I'm counting on is if I can get some people involved that
can make some noise that will be listened to sadly, just because they're stars, we will
be able to disrupt the Senate because the Senate's the key. What Bernie did wrong and
I love Bernie and I hate Bernie. He took my plan and ruined it. You can't do it. You're
right. You're right about, you can't do it on a presidential basis, but the Senate is
a place because of the way the Senate works. Four to six seats could stop everything till
we get that. So how many votes does it take to get one seat? Like how many people would
it take to vote a Senate seat? Now, this is the great part. It has to happen on 2018.
I think you got this whole room. First of all, these people were all, I don't think so.
I think they just want me to shut the fuck up. Oh, you got that? You got that from him?
Yeah. I think, but it's not going to happen till he says so because thank you, Dan. Thank
you. Well, I'm not, I'm not going to say, it's not evening at the Apollo. I'm not going
to have like somebody sweep you off the stage. I'm not going to go through this whole thing.
This has been a long show. And if crazy people weren't allowed on this stage, where would
we stop? Right? Right? Like where would we stop enforcing that rule? Right? I like people
thinking like, like, I gotta be thinking about this stuff. Well, Dan, exactly. I'd rather
have these conversations and not happen. So, so anyways, why am I getting, why am I just
identifying myself to you? Keep telling us your political plan. Okay, well, let's concentrate
on the important part. Yes, it's very important because this is what we've been fighting
about him and I, you're one of the people, Dan, that I can't say to you because I love
you too much, but you're at, we're at the point, you hate what's going on as much as
me, where it's time for people in your position to put up or shut up to either get the fuck
out of it or get into it. And all I'm going to be telling people on my list is work part
time for a couple of years. You can still tour, you can still do shit, and you can still
be a senator. You can do it and they will listen to them. You want me to be a senator?
No, no, no, no. He wants, okay. No. He wants Natalie Portman to be a senator. No, no, no.
Dan? He wants Natalie Portman to be a senator or something. Something like that. Oh, and
he's using me to get to Natalie Portman. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, wait, you're, I don't think
you can get me to Natalie Portman. Didn't you see the bubble chart on the last page?
No, you're using me to get to Will Wheaton and Will Wheaton. Oh, wait, here we go. Hold
on. Ready? I, I, for one, this is how, hey, Dan, I don't know. I'm hoping for better.
I'm using you for Ackerman, Proups, Paul F. Thompson. You're going to use, you're going
to, you're going to build from me to Ackerman? Get the fuck out of here. You just said you're
not going to kick people off. I'm not getting drawn into this. But that almost did it. You're
going to Ackerman. No. Senator Ackerman, you have the floor. No. No, sorry. Ackerman's
on tour right now. He committed 20%. Would Senator Natalie Portman please keep it down
for a moment? Thank you. Now, Dan, I, I just, I, I have dreams. You could get me to Clooney,
but I just didn't want to jump too far. Okay. Right. I, but, okay. So, but I, I've been in
this situation before where people, yeah, yeah. Well, so you're, I mean, you know, you know
that. I know that. And I'm not saying through, I'm not saying through a holiday party, invite
me so I can board it. I don't think he knows. You should explain that because maybe he doesn't
understand. Well, of course it's insulting. Like it's a very, you know, like, like, look,
I'd be the, well, it would be very hypocritical of me to decry narcissism. But you clearly,
that's the way the world works. You have this agenda. You don't care about, you know, like,
like, like, you, I, like, I have this pulpit. You have an opportunity to connect with these
people. I've given you their time. And you're, you're, like, all we've heard so far is, is
that you're hoping to get as many famous people as possible to build up to something.
Yeah. I'm just saying this aboard them, but you're also like, it seems a little bit like
you've learned, you've learned what to do by watching Trump.
Oh my God. I had this, and this drives me crazy. I've been telling my friends and they
all know because they've listened to this for so many years. And I was so worried. I
said, you know what everybody's going to say, baby, is they're all going to say, I'm reacting
to Trump. Right. No, I had the, I decided to run. No, I think it's good to react to
Trump, but I don't think he's overreacting to Trump. I just don't think you should emulate
him necessarily. And it's, I wish it wasn't the case, but our society is a cult of personality
and you know it as well as anybody. Cause maybe that's the problem. Maybe it's a problem
in it, but it's going to get used one more time. Okay. Here's my analogy. I tell my friends
the cult of personality is a loaded gun in the middle of the table. Sure. The Democrats
are on one side or Republicans are on the other side. They are going to use that loaded
gun in 2018. Remind me why it has to be 2018. Because we got to flip the Senate. We got
to flip the Senate. Okay. Wait. Okay. Hold on. Yep. Here's now. I think what you happen
is this is a big conversation because we are in this post fact world and it's like Democrats
have to decide, are we going to be post truth or are we going to be truth truth? And so
I think what you're talking about is valuable, but I would say that my trepidation is that
Republicans and the GOP are bathed in lies and they're bathed in dishonesty and that's
their wheelhouse. So the idea that we're going to be able to fight on that level strikes
me as kind of, I don't know. It's just cause we're noobs and they're like, you know, they're
the mob kind of, it just seems like a heart. It's unfair. We have the truth on our side.
So like we could bring that to bear, but like, I don't know that playing their tricks is
like, and that's a question I've had with myself because it might be that that's the
answer, but I feel like it seems hard. We've lost this horror. We've fought them if we
looked at their tactics and felt like, you know what they did that made them win? They
got on Twitter and they tweeted racist memes that weren't a, like, but that, and in my
personal opinion, that's the problem with the bipartisan system is that the Democrats
have already become that. They always, every four years, they always go, oh, you know what
the Republicans did? Anyways, but like, you're wearing a kilt.
I say, we just, I said, we wrap, I said, you guys, this was a strategic decision. We wrap
it out. I think we have to wrap this shit up. Oh, damn it. You got a fucking wrap.
Well, it's, well, yeah, let's let, well, what, so you drove from Washington or you flew
from Washington? Yeah. Okay. So what was the, what did the plane ticket cost? Maybe we
no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, it was too much for me, but no, no. What I want, what
I need from this is I've gotten, I've gotten exposure. If people would just go to the human
party on Facebook, there's more about it. The human party on Facebook. Yeah. I, I, so
it's, it's, it's a real thing. And I guess, aren't you, aren't you John worried though
about Natalie Portman's very notable stance on the state of Israel? She loves it. You
know, like, and her, and her, her hawkish foreign policy. Yeah, but she's a stepping
stone to Amy Adams. Yeah. Fuck, fuck humanity. It's all just a fucking carnival. The thing
that has touched me most, Dan, is that I've known you for many years, and I didn't know
you could get me to Ockerman. Oh, no, you, I mean, not in one step, not in one step.
I'm sure not in one step. No, he's got to go through one of the engineers or something.
He's got to go to the Skala brothers. Yeah. Okay. The reason all this is this way is
because these people, your audience, they love to support crowdfunding. The only way
I can do this is through crowdfunding. Right. I've seen dreams happen on your show through
crowdfunding and I will never compete with money. I can only do this if my crowdfund
hits. Otherwise I have to go back to my normal job. What do you call it? What's, what, what
are we going to? What's the site? It's not ready yet that because they say to be ready
first. Okay, now here's your problem. No, they say to be ready first and they're going
to go to the human party. And then I'm going to have the date set. Right. And then, and
that's so that I'm driving to the human party, setting the date. They say you need to have
your money lined up before you start your crowdfunding. So you're not supposed to start
too early. Okay. Damn it. I love you so much. I'm on your side. All right. We're all on
your side. So, so the thing is, I'm actually not on your side. I'm like the devil that
showed up to destroy your dreams. And I am, I'm going to keep talking because that's horrible.
But I do think that you don't like something that's called the cult of personality. It's
a fact of life. Right. You don't like it, but you're using it. Like what it's the loaded
gun and they're going to use it if we don't, but that is what we're looking for worse than
to 2018. They're going to, what we're looking for as a humankind is an answer to problems,
not using the problems. That five list, that's the, that's the answer is that five list.
Yeah, but this Twitter war of yours. Believe me, I also have sort of called telephone terrorism.
I read every item on this. I feel like you're using poison. I am for health. I am. And I
don't, okay. Okay. I'm going to, I'll riff a, I'll riff a pitch. Like putting my money
where my mouth is. What if we were able to use the, the, the, the current bipartisan system,
we were able to start locally, create, you know, like, like, like, like do like a community
stuff, call ourselves Democrats, but like, like, have a little asterisk on it, you know,
like, like, like, like, like we're, we're blue shield Democrats or leftists. We're, we're
long cabin Democrats, you know, we're, we're, we're people that actually care about like,
like, you know, blah, blah, blah. And we, we, we give interest free loans to, to, to
people.
We should call it like something that everyone can access, like the human party.
All right. Well, anyways, I'm not going to, I'll pitch that next episode, but, but it's
good.
I thought he was just going to get, it was going to be a guy in a kilt that gave us drugs.
I didn't know it was going to fucking go.
Well, okay.
Yeah.
He was going to give us the keys to Ockerman.
Ockerman.
What about proofs?
I don't even know.
It doesn't even look like I'm directly like I get you to Ockerman. Oh, contact. Okay.
As goes Ockerman.
So does Ockerman.
No, okay. See, and I'm starting small because I have very little confidence in myself. I
don't think I can get Clooney yet.
Right. No, I know I'm very, very insulted by all of this. Yes.
Oh, no, I've got, I get it.
Well, who should I have mentioned? Because that's my problem.
No, you should.
No, Dan get, Dan has to be behind the scenes. Dan has to be the man. He's the heart. Dan,
you don't want to run, right?
No, I don't, I, I,
No, he doesn't.
But right now I want to run. Yeah. I want to hide. I want to, I want to duck. I want
to cover.
Oh my God.
But it's, it's 10 o'clock, but I do like, I don't want you to be mocked and ridiculed
and deflated. I think that, I think that, I think that I'm fucking crazy right now.
Like, like, I feel like there's Nazis taking over the,
Yeah.
So let's do something about it.
I'm, I'm alarmed about it. I don't, I don't, I don't, I, the, the stuff that I'm seeing
written on your giant pads, I, everything I've seen, I don't see.
This is the key.
I don't see anything that I disagree with.
This will change everything.
We definitely need to, uh, uh, election reform. We definitely need to.
This will change it all.
But, but I also agree with Spencer that, like, we have to think strategically about how.
Even four to six Senate seats is a huge accomplishment.
And it will stop everything. If there are people that get, listen, if they are listened
to, if there are people that are listened to stars, sadly, it will happen. People will
watch C-SPAN to see what happens when we, when we're on the floor, they will stop to
watch. If they see that, oh my God, you got a guy from Westworld. You could ask him.
Right.
Do you want to run?
No.
Thank you.
Okay.
Within three years, if you start with a friendship with him, Anthony Hopkins.
Oh.
You, you could quickly be in a war with Anthony Hopkins.
Imagine that.
Let's hear from John Roswell, everybody.
John Roswell.
Go to human party.
Human party.
Human party on Facebook.
Thank you, John.
And you know who got bumped, Miranda Harmon, who was here.
Uh, remember her from many, many episodes ago?
You got bumped.
Yeah.
There you are.
How are you?
Uh, yeah.
Jane texted that you were here.
Uh, remember Miranda Harmon?
No relation.
She, uh, she made this amazing, where can people see that comic that you made about coming
to Harmon?
Come go to the mic real quick, Miranda.
Come up on stage for us.
Miranda, everybody.
Harmontown Success Story.
Hey.
Hey, guys.
Um, ooh.
So my website is mirandaharmon.com and Harmontown, the comic is on there.
And I have, I have copies of the zines for you guys.
Oh, that's great.
And when we met, you know, you were an aspiring artist, right?
Yeah.
You wanted to talk to us.
And guess, guess what?
What?
I'm a cartoonist now.
Yay.
One dream at a time.
Uh, but, and, and, you know, our show didn't make that possible.
Your, your, your talent did, right?
It helps.
Yay.
Well, that, that comic, um, it turns out a lot of people listen to Harmontown.
I didn't, I didn't know that.
Tell, tell that to John Rossfeld.
Who thinks that, who thinks that only, you know, if enough, yeah, whatever.
That's, you know, I, you know, I got, I got Natalie Portman on speed dial.
That's, that's the jokes on him.
Yeah.
You know, I, I, I can get you Kevin Bacon.
I remember when the fappening happened, I had to change my iCloud password because,
because of, of, of Cameron Diaz.
That's a true story.
One degree of separation.
I appeared on Harmontown with Steve Agee, who appeared alongside Kevin Bacon and Super,
I think.
Anyways.
Wow.
That's fast.
So, so what, are you living in LA now?
Where are you?
No, I still live in Florida, but I'm moving here like within the month.
All right.
What's your, what's your cartoon?
What?
What is your cartoon that you are cartoonist?
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm, I'm just, I'm a, I'm a comic artist.
Like I make comics for myself.
Oh, awesome.
Okay.
Yeah.
No, I mean, yeah.
You working for other people or have you?
Not yet.
Okay.
Yeah.
Great.
You're, you're, you're, you're, you're cocoon has been breached.
Yeah.
I'm actually here because I am like taping at a, at a comics convention.
That's why.
Nice.
Yeah.
Sign in, sign in some stuff.
Get your portfolio out there.
Can you plug something for us so we can find it?
Like, can you say it out to the fans?
Yeah.
Just like Miranda Harmon.com.
That's me.
Yeah.
I've seen, I've seen a little on Instagram today at the, or maybe Facebook that Jane
may have posted of one of your little Harmontown comics is very, very cute.
Jane has been very sweet about it.
Yeah.
Jane's a sweetie.
Jane's the official, like, like she's like, like coordinating all of the fandom on Facebook.
Yeah.
There was a guy that was like, it was like, like, you know, having suicidal ideology.
And then like, he was off the grid.
And then like, like Jane, like, I'm hearing this all third hand because I can't get, I
can't get involved.
I'm too busy running for Senate.
But, but, but, but, but yeah, Jane just props to Jane.
I mean, change, like, change is like out there, like coordinating and I don't know.
Just like there's a little family that's like ancillarily related to Harmontown that doesn't
even have to have to do with whether I'm a good or a bad person.
You know, it's like, it's like, oh, we all like Cheetos and we're good people.
Like Cheetos doesn't have to be good for you.
I like that.
You know, it doesn't have to be a, I don't, I don't, I don't have to, if I, if I, if I
joined that Facebook group, for instance, within two weeks, it would like be decimated
because I'd be like jerk off and I'd still mad at, still mad about season four.
And everybody'd be like, I don't like this.
It feels toxic.
And like, yeah, I like that there could be a little, that the May poll doesn't have to be me.
Yeah.
I mean, I, when I respond to that, I just, I made that comic like a year ago and I didn't
really know about that.
And Jane, like, immediately like reached out to me and she was like super sweet and she
wrote me this very nice message I still like think about.
She's very, um, and she got me like into that.
Like I didn't, I didn't know.
I didn't know.
Cause when I, when I was like, when Harvard town was like my lifeline, like years ago,
like I, it really felt like there were only like a few of us listening.
I didn't realize there were so many people who listened to the show.
Weren't you kind of down when we met you?
I mean, this is like, yeah.
I was like, super.
I was like, we asked the, the sentiment out there, going through any pain and you, you
laid some heavy stuff on us.
Yeah.
You didn't disappoint.
You were right.
I mean, I, yeah, I was super depressed.
And I, I, I mean, which was neat.
We loved it.
But that's a very, that's like a paramedic thing for emotion.
It's like, oh, look how horrible she's an emotional EMT.
I have like this share picture.
But yeah, but I'm just saying like that's, it's, it's wonderful to see you.
I don't, but I don't, I also don't want to worship at the altar of like too many people
in our audience.
Like that's, that's the story we hear over and over again.
It's like that, that thing of like smiling and being happy and, and clean and bright
and shiny doesn't make you a good person.
It doesn't mean that your life is on the right track, but it's also at the same time.
It's nice to see somebody like that was down in the roller coaster.
Be, be up on it.
I don't know.
I'm drunk in the shows over.
Okay.
But, but yeah.
So go to Miranda Harmon.com.
Then go to Facebook.
Harmon.
Harmon party.
And type in the special code Ockerman for a free t-shirt.
See you next time, everybody.
Thanks for coming to Harmon's Town.
See you next week.
Thank you for having us.
Tollingby Slocum.
Let's have him back, right?
Thank you guys.
Amazing.
Tollingby Slocum.
Adam McCartney.
Now our EMT's are starting there.
John Roswell, right?
Rossfeld.
All right, everybody, drive fast, take chances, pull over to the left when you see those sirens.
Do you get any of that?
Feral Audio.